PuzzleBox (tpb1)
================
Once again, your  skills are put to  the test; you are given  a data file
that  contains a  scrambled ASCII  art image  that you  must unravel  and
re-assemble,  using  only  non-interactive command-line  tools  (no  text
editors! no assistive scripts you didn't write!)

The scrambled image has been broken into parts and reassembled.  Look for
some sort of dividing line  (horizontally and vertically),  consisting of
the same characters. Use this to transact on the divided pieces.

The  final "image"  can be  identified by  a top  and bottom  row of  the
uppercase  and lowercase  vowels of  the alphabet.  Top row  will be  the
uppercase vowels, bottom row the lowercase.

The left and right-most columns  contain a sequential line count, ranging
from 000 to 031 in octal.

The flow  of data is counter-clockwise:  it will increment top  to bottom
along the left  margin, increment left to right along  the bottom margin,
increment bottom to top along the  right margin, and then increment right
to left along the top margin.

Use  your experiences  from the  projects you've  worked on,  the various
experimentation  you've done  in your  own time,  referencing the  manual
pages, and  applying critical  reasoning and common  sense to  solve this
puzzle.

Some tools you may want to investigate:
        - cat(1)
        - cut(1)
        - grep(1)
        - head(1)
        - paste(1)
        - sort(1)
        - tail(1)
        - tr(1)
        - uudecode(1)
        - uniq(1)

You can verify your results by comparing md5sum hashes- I have stored the
md5sum  hash inside  the MANIFEST  file in  the project  public directory
(just as I've done for your other recent projects).

Keep track  of your steps,  and place  them in a  working non-interactive
script by the name of "tpb1steps",  which you will submit along with your
final ASCII art image, stored in a file called: "tpb1.results"

Your "tpb1steps" file,  while I would hope you make  use of various shell
facilities (like quotes, variables, wildcards), please do have a focus on
having the  file be readable  with respect  to comments and  general file
name references.

